README.md, before:

# Hi there!

### Thanks for checking this repo

Here, I make a mini Information Management System using ReactJS and Redux Toolkit.

### [Demo](https://addoffice.herokuapp.com/)

## Key Features

- Add company
- Add offices based on available companies
- Delete office item in Office Page
- Delete company. When delete this, all of the office under the company is deleted too
- Show company in Office Page and show the office under the company
- Sort company and office item by newest added
- Specific input requirement
- Skeleton loading

## Development

`git clone`

`cd api` and then `npm install`

`cd api` `cd client` then `npm install`

Then, you can run this web-app using `npm start` from the client.

To start from the server, run `npm run start` from api path, then open `localhost:5000` in your browser. Don't forget to build the client first.

To start concurrently with the server, you can run `npm start:dev` from api path.

## Tech Stack

- ReactJS
- Redux Toolkit
- ChakraUI
- NodeJS
- Express
- MongoDB

## Prioritization

You can see full of Solution Design Document [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ca1de6XE7jN24vwmbsmCQYrPX4h6NpK7/view?usp=sharing)

![Prioritization Matrix](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145696925-61f3b410-db15-4c9e-bc59-78d20644d9da.jpg)

## Preview

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145688533-1dc2770d-da09-4f56-a86b-de52d5b749d0.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145688553-e5feacd0-f2c6-4bc2-a264-8443330f38a7.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145688587-af2a1b6b-cdbc-4d9b-ac50-e403065149f3.png)

Commit message:

tooltip for long office name

README.md, after:

# Hi there!

### Thanks for checking this repo

Here, I make a mini Information Management System using ReactJS and Redux Toolkit.

🚦 This is the same github as before. I just remove my commit history, because I forgot to hide my mongo pass & admin before 😊

### [Demo](https://addoffice.herokuapp.com/)

## Key Features

- Add company
- Add offices based on available companies
- Delete office item in Office Page
- Delete company. When delete this, all of the office under the company is deleted too
- Show company in Office Page and show the office under the company
- Sort company and office item by newest added
- Specific input requirement

Mini Features (include):

- Popup information for interactions
- Skeleton loading
- Tooltip to handle long name (office)

## Development

`git clone`

`cd api` and then `npm install`

`cd api` `cd client` then `npm install`

Then, you can run this web-app using `npm start` from the client.

To start from the server, run `npm run start` from api path, then open `localhost:5000` in your browser. Don't forget to build the client first.

To start concurrently with the server, you can run `npm start:dev` from api path.

## Tech Stack

- ReactJS
- Redux Toolkit
- ChakraUI
- NodeJS
- Express
- MongoDB

## Prioritization

You can see full of Solution Design Document [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ca1de6XE7jN24vwmbsmCQYrPX4h6NpK7/view?usp=sharing)

![Prioritization Matrix](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145696925-61f3b410-db15-4c9e-bc59-78d20644d9da.jpg)

## Preview

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145688533-1dc2770d-da09-4f56-a86b-de52d5b749d0.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145688553-e5feacd0-f2c6-4bc2-a264-8443330f38a7.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38320169/145688587-af2a1b6b-cdbc-4d9b-ac50-e403065149f3.png)
